Will you mandate a carbon tax?;Most of your countries are already powered by clean energy, so the carbon tax did not affect ordinary communities too much. However, most people see this tax as redundant and resisted the change through protests.;1;-1;Your carbon tax greatly reduced the number of waste people and industries produce. However, the low-income communities, communities of color, and those who depend on fossil fuel industries are hit the hardest by this change, forcing you to establish more social programs to help them.;2;-1;carbon tax;renewable energy tech
Will you institute strict trash sorting and recycling?;As people start to consciously separate out their waste, they became more aware of the amount of waste they produce. Although this costed money in the short term, it'll reduce the carbon footprint a lot.;1;-1;As people are already familiar with composting, the new rules did not take too much to implement. Now people are conscious of all the waste they produce daily, they are more aware of their carbon foot prints.;0;-1;trash sorting/recycling;compost stations
Will you restrict private car usage and encourage public transport?;The new source of nuclear energy made electric cars trivial. So people weren't too enthusiastic about the public transport push. Overall, this did not make much difference.;0;0;Although people can use their cars much less often, many circumvent this by purchasing multiple cheap and inefficient cars.;1;0;restrict car usage;thorium nuclear power
Will you deploy compost stations around the city?;The backyard gardener already does a huge amount of composting for themselves. They did not see a need to take their compost to another site. These stations are rarely used.;1;0;The compost stations require frequent maintenance and cleaning to keep the odor down. But the resulting natural fertilizer and less methane production led to much less net carbon production.;2;-1;compost stations;backyard gardens
Will you convert to 100% Renewable Energy?;The carbon tax set the foundation for overall reduced energy demand, which made it possible for the country to depend on renewables alone.;1;-2;Despite your engineer's best efforts the current state of your country simply does allow for 100% renewable. You have to turn on base load power plants to keep up with the energy demand.;1;0;renewable energy;carbon tax
Will you decommission all nuclear power plants?;The new renewable energy technology made it possible for your country to exist without nuclear power plants, but you still need to keep a small base load non-renewable for grid stability. The only saving grace is that you saved a lot of money without having to operate nuclear power plants.;-1;0;You didn't know what you were thinking when you did that since nuclear energy is clean. Now you have to rely even more heavily on fossil fuels;1;1;decommission power plants;renewable energy tech
Will you invest in renewable energy tech?;With the recent push for a more sustainable lifestyle, people welcome the new solar panels as the main power generator of their homes. Even though they receive less total energy, they also needed less with their newfound mindfulness to their lifestyle.;2;-2;The renewable energy industry grows rapidly, but not rapidly enough. Your country's demand for electricity increases too quickly for renewables to keep up. Still, it's better than nothing.;1;-1;renewable energy tech;local, organic food
Will you invest in thorium nuclear fission and nuclear fusion?;The corporations cannot be happier to receive more support from the government. Hopefully, the nuclear tycoons and GMO monopoly will use their power for good.;2;-2;The new nuclear power plants can easily produce enough clean energy to sustain your country, but it takes far too much money to develop and build them that few investors are interested.;3;-2;thorium nuclear power;genetically modified crops
Will you make locally grown, organic food more affordable?;The corpos behind the GMO project are not happy with this decision. They spread their patented GMOs around the small farms and quickly bankrupted the independent farmers.;1;0; Educated with the benefits of local organic food, people's choices were noticed by the corporations and a shift to sustainable farming is slowly taking place.;1;-2;local, organic food;genetical modified crops
Will you subsidize backyard gardens?;The Geoengineer left little sunlight to the surface, while professional farmers can still grow their crops using artificial light, personal gardon just can't survive in this new environment.;1;0; Despite the numerous benefits that come with a backyard garden, many people see it inefficient as it takes too much time to maintain and they can get the food just as cheap in grocery stores.;2;-1;backyard gardens;geoengineer for more sunlight
Will you put more regulation on large scale beef industry?;The large scale beef farms cannot stand the competition of affordable organic beef, they eventually went out of business. The methane industrial cows produce is not a problem with local small farmers.;1;-2;The new regulations significantly reduced the beef industry's carbon footprint. But this also made the price of beef inaccessible to low-income communities, which resulted in extra expenses for social programs.;1;-1;regulate beef industries;local, organic food
Will you invest in genetically modified crops that require fewer resources and are more resistant to disease?;Seeing the numerous new regulations on the beef industry, the GMO corpos are cautious of your support. However, they could not resist this tempting deal. You managed to use this contract as a chance to take powers away from them, freeing many independent farmers of their shackles.;2;-2;Seeing the numerous new regulations on the beef industry, the GMO corpos are cautious of your support. The new crops are easy to grow with few resources. However, the corporations that patented this gene drove all the independent farmers out of business. Your country has more monoculture than ever.;1;-1;genetically modified crops;regulate beef industries
Will you geoengineer the atmosphere so it reflects more sunlight?;Geoengineering gave you precious buffer time to transition from centralized non-renewable power to renewable sources. But your country still has a long way to go until true sustainability.;3;-3;The fossil fuel industry merely used Geoengineering as an excuse to not transition to renewable sources. Now the future is bleaker than ever. Literally and figuratively.;3;0;geoengineer for more sunlight;renewable energy tech